(soft suspenseful music)
(waves crashing)
- God, just give me a sign.
(soft suspenseful music)
(waves crashing)
(crickets chirping)
(soft suspenseful music)
Give me a sign.
What should I do?
God, please take
care of my family.
(voices echoing)
Hello! Who's there?
(stream running)
(bird calling)
Hey, are you okay?
Are you alone out here?
(suspenseful piano music)
Do you want me to help
you find your family?
(suspenseful piano music)
Wait!
You forgot something!
(suspenseful piano music)
(bird calling)
You dropped your doll.
(soft suspenseful music)
(bird calling)
(soft piano music)
(soft suspenseful music)
(stream running)
(suspenseful piano music)
- Rest in peace, Angel.
God bless you.
(soft suspenseful music)
(rain tapping)
(thunder rolling)
(soft suspenseful music)
(Adrian breathing hard)
Whoa!
(girl laughing)
(suspenseful piano music)
(thunder clapping)
(thunder rolling)
(suspenseful piano music)
(girl laughing)
(thunder rolling)
(voices whispering)
(soft suspenseful music)
(thunder rolling)
- [Girl] I want my doll.
(soft suspenseful music)
(waves lapping)
- We're here.
Another nightmare?
- It's nothing.
(birds singing)
Is this it?
Are we here?
- Why are you so impatient?
I've been the one who's
doing all the driving.
- I'm not impatient.
I'm just tired.
- A thank you would be nice.
I mean, I'm not the one
who chose to come here.
- Why are you trying
to cause an argument?
- Me?
You're the one
with the attitude.
- You know how I am
after I have a nap.
- Which is why I
hate you napping.
- You can hate me
napping all you like,
but you can't
control me, Oliver.
- I know, believe me. And I
have no intention of doing so.
- Good.
- Hey?
- What?
- Your attitude isn't the
only think that stinks.
- So rude.
- Least I'm honest.
- No.
- Let's go then.
(waves lapping)
(soft piano music)
(Oliver sighing)
I thought that journey
would never end.
- Well, we're here now, so.
- Where should we start?
(birds calling)
- Say we head into town
and take it from there?
- You know what?
- What?
- I know I was against
coming here, but
I think this is
exactly what I needed.
It could be good for me.
Good for us.
I mean, I know we've had
our difficulties, but
I think this could give
us the time we need.
Since I've known you,
I've spent more time
in the office than
in your company.
- All work and no play makes
Oliver a dull boy (laughs).
- Doesn't it just (laughs)?
Think we should start that way.
I have a feeling it's right.
- You're not gonna get
us lost again, are you?
- It's all part of
the adventure, baby.
- Mm.
(waves crashing)
- Are you?
Don't worry.
- What? Sorry.
- It's uh, it's
nothing. Let's just go.
- Okay.
(Maria laughing)
(suspenseful piano music)
(waves crashing)
(waves lapping)
- Maybe this wasn't the best
time of year to come here.
Let's go away, she said.
We'll have fun, she said.
- Stop.
Look, when we get to the island,
you're gonna have
so much material.
(waves lapping)
Look, about earlier,
I'm sorry, just got a
lot on my mind right now.
- It's okay, I know. I
just wish you'd talk to me.
- I will.
- Can you hold this?
Thanks.
(soft piano music)
(waves lapping)
Thanks.
Do you wanna?
(waves lapping)
- We've come all this way.
Just take us to the
fricking island.
- I don't have a
problem with you,
only with your stupidity.
- What?
- Excuse me.
- The Island of
Dolls is not a place
for a romantic getaway.
- He's my brother.
- She's my sister.
(Guillermo sighing)
- Okay, fine, I'll take you.
But it won't be cheap.
- Well, just so happens
money's not an issue. So good.
(water lapping)
- Hi, I think we're all
going to the same place?
- Oh, happy days, we
can split the bill then.
- Hi, I'm Yaz. This
is my brother Jake.
- I'm Oliver.
- Hello, mate.
- Hi, I'm Maria.
- Fantastic, Maria.
- Guys, if you insist on
going, we must leave now.
The tide changes too fast.
- All right, all
right. Chill out.
Let's go then.
(water lapping)
- Is everything all right?
- Doesn't seem it.
- Yeah, no, we just had
a long day, that's all.
- We had a hell of a journey.
- It's not an easy
place to get to, is it?
- No, not at all.
But I'm already getting
some great shots.
We're not even there yet.
- Oh, sweet. Let's have
a little look, mate.
- You're a photographer?
- Who knows? Isn't
everyone these days?
- Not everyone has the talent.
- No, but everyone
has the capability
in the palm of their hands.
- Mm.
- Yeah, I've never
really usually got
enough memory for photos.
- Because you're
phone is full of porn.
- Shut up, Yaz.
- What about you, Maria?
- Well, it was her idea to
come here in the first place.
- No, no, I just heard
about this place online
so thought we
should check it out.
- I don't like
taking people there.
It's the energy. It's
unnatural, haunting.
- What do you know
about the island?
(water lapping)
- Enough. I have no
need to know more.
(soft suspenseful music)
And neither should you.
- Oh, well way to put a
damper on the holiday.
- Come on, get in my boat.
(soft suspenseful music)
(water lapping)
(waves crashing)
- Yaz, was it?
- Yeah, why?
- So this is my number.
- Come on, Casanova, chill out.
- So, the tide will
be too low for me
to come back until tomorrow
evening, the earliest.
So call me when you
want picking up.
- Thanks.
- Oh, and don't take anything
from the island. I mean it.
Look, but don't touch.
That's our word here.
- Sure.
- What's his problem?
- Locals, isn't it, mate?
Always superstitious, especially
the weird goblin types.
- Why are you staring?
- Come on, let's look at
some weird dolls then.
(suspenseful piano music)
(birds singing)
Anyone want a bit of this?
- Thought you were
gonna quit smoking.
- All right, I will, but
you don't come to The Island
of the Dolls without getting
a little bit high at least.
Could be my best
trip yet, I reckon.
- I don't think you're
gonna need the drugs.
- Oh, Guillermo told us
not to touch anything.
(birds chirping)
- [Jake] This place is
creepy as shit, man.
- What were you expecting?
- I don't know.
Like a toy shop on
acid or something.
Guess it's not that far off.
- Not far off at all.
(birds singing)
- [Jake] I'm taking
a look around.
- Oh, Jake, can I come with you?
- Mm, I think it's
too late for that.
- He is such a nightmare.
It is literally
like a school trip
trying to get
information from him.
- Hm, you guys
seem close, though.
- Yeah, I mean,
we are.
He's my brother, I love
him unconditionally, but
I think if we weren't related,
I'd probably want
nothing to do with him.
- Yeah, it's a shame we can't
choose our family, right?
- (laughs) Yeah, a
self-indulged drug addict
would be at the
bottom of my list.
(Maria chuckles)
(birds singing)
So, what's the deal
with you and Oliver?
- What's the deal?
He's my partner.
- Are you married?
- No, no.
He's my boyfriend.
I don't really like that phrase.
Kinda makes me feel
like I'm 16 again.
Hm.
- What's wrong with that?
I'd give anything
to be 16 again.
- Yeah, to be fair, so would I.
- It's pathetic, but I ...
- Yeah, no, it's fine, go.
- I'll catch you later. Jake.
- Oliver?
(birds singing)
- See this?
- Mm.
(birds singing)
(stream running)
- (whispers) Want
to see some more?
- Who's there?
(soft suspenseful music)
(girl laughing)
What's so funny?
- (whispers) I'll show you.
(soft suspenseful music)
- Do your parents know you're
out here? Are you lost?
- [Girl] Are you?
(soft suspenseful music)
(birds singing)
(leaves rustling)
(soft music)
(soft suspenseful music)
(gentle piano music)
(wind humming)
- Jake?
- Hi. Look after me backpack,
I'm gonna go climb that tree.
(birds singing)
(wind whistling)
(soft suspenseful music)
(gentle piano music)
- [Oliver] She
wants her doll back.
(gentle piano music)
(wind pounding)
It's not too late.
(Maria gasping)
(soft suspenseful music)
- For fuck sake, Oliver.
- Don't panic, it's only me.
This place is so surreal.
I know I was unsure
about coming here,
but I think this is
exactly what I needed.
I mean, the shots
that I'm getting,
they're interesting
and composed.
You know, they're layered.
Did you find
anything interesting?
- I did.
- I passed Yaz and
Jake on the way to you.
They're looking for
a place to camp.
- No, I don't think we
should stay the night.
- Why not?
- I don't think we need to.
- Come on.
You always wanted
to visit this place.
- Yeah, but that doesn't mean
that we need to stay the night.
- But why not? I mean, we just
got here, what's the rush?
- What if what Guillermo
said was right?
- (laughs) Just ignore him.
I mean, it's like
what Jake said.
The locals are
always superstitious.
(wind pounding)
Let's just, make the
most of it, okay?
(wind pounding)
- Fine.
Any ideas?
- Oh yeah.
I can think of a few.
- Stop (laughs).
- It's a bit late to
change your mind anyway.
Guillermo told Yaz
that we can't leave
till tomorrow night, so.
(wind pounding)
(Maria sighing)
(flames crackling)
- And that wraps up Episode
One of Backwoods Brutality.
- Don't forget to subscribe
for exclusive content
from The Island of Dolls.
- [Together] Down and out.
- That was really something.
- Thanks.
- Uh, yeah, it um ...
I meant that ...
- Scan to subscribe.
- Okay, yeah, fine,
I'll have a look.
(flames crackling)
Jake, would you stop
adding logs to the fire?
You're gonna make it too big.
- You been moaning that
you been cold all week.
Doing it for you, Sis.
- That's just not true.
You've been obsessed with fire
since you were like
five years old.
I mean, do you remember
the time that you set
the entire garden shed on fire?
And all of the garden toys.
- Yeah, that was pretty
epic, to be fair, wasn't it?
So that night I had a dream
that Guy Fawkes give me
a little pat on the back and
said he was real proud of me.
- Shut up (laughs).
Would you stop going
off on your own?
- Will you just leave me alone?
Stop worrying, Yaz.
I'm a big boy now.
(flames crackling)
Thanks for letting us set up
camp with you guys anyway.
- Aw, that's cool. We've
been here since yesterday.
Probably better if we
stick together anyway.
- Have you seen anything
weird since you been here?
- Oh, we're not
ones for spoilers.
- I'll put the bags away.
- Thank you.
- Maria, this is
Courtney and Dan.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- Likewise. Join us.
(flames crackling)
- Where did you end
up going today then?
- I just found a cabin,
had a little look around.
- Exciting. See
anything strange?
- Nothing different to anything
you guys would have seen.
- Well, be careful in
one of those cabins.
It could fall down
at any moment.
- Oh yeah, imagine that.
Death by cabin written
on your gravestone.
Can think of better ways
to go, to be honest.
Think I'd rather
get stabbed by one
of these freaky ass dolls.
- Well, that'd be a
good story to tell.
- Wouldn't it just (laughs)?
- Yeah, well, wouldn't
get your hopes up.
(flames crackling)
- So, Maria, what
brought you here?
- Oh (clears throat),
it's a long story.
- Perfect.
- That's what we're here for.
- Would anybody
like to go first?
(flames crackling)
(animal calling)
- What do you want me to say?
- Just follow our lead.
- And be natural.
So, who are you?
- Who am I? Sounds like a
fucking AA meeting or something.
- Let's just skip ahead.
So why did you come to
The Island of Dolls?
- Well, kinda just
got roped into it.
- We got some money.
- Our parents died.
- So, we're traveling the
world on our inheritance.
- I really didn't wanna
come. It was Yaz's idea.
- I just can't leave
him alone, not anymore.
It's, it's not good for him.
- I want to spend
summer with the lads.
You know, go to Amsterdam
or something cool,
but instead, I'm here.
- I have to take
responsibility because
Mum and Dad didn't
do a good enough job.
- See, at least with my
parents I got a bit of freedom.
With my sister, it's like
being in fucking Alcatraz.
- I just had to take
everything away,
to try and get him clean.
- We're here by accident really.
I just went to a chip
shop, saw a leaflet,
and she was adamant
that we had to come.
- So, we jumped on a train,
and we came to see what
all the fuss is about.
- Yaz seems to think that
we can travel forever,
but I know that it's just to
get away from my bad habits.
- And to get away from grief.
(flames crackling)
- Well, that got deep real fast.
- But thank you
for being honest.
It really does
make a difference.
So, Maria, can you
tell us a little
something about yourself?
- What do you wanna know?
- Anything.
- There's not
really much to say.
- There's no pressure.
(flames crackling)
- So, were you
already traveling,
or did you come here especially?
- Um, especially, I guess.
- Now that's surprising.
- Is it?
Why?
- Well, it's not exactly
an easy place to get to.
- It's no harder
than Disneyland.
- Yeah, but there's
no magic here.
- Okay, why'd you go?
- It's what we do.
Why was Oliver accompanying you?
(flames crackling)
- We're a couple.
We do things for each
other as well as ourselves.
- So this was all
on your accord?
- No.
Well, I think he
liked the idea too.
He recently lost his job,
so I thought this would be
a good place for him to get
his creative juices
flowing again, I guess.
- As good a place as any.
- Can we stop now please?
- Just one more--
- No, I said, can we stop?
- Well, we, really should
get the full story.
(flames crackling)
- Fine.
Um, my family always
knew about this place.
I always felt like an outsider.
I didn't really
know much about it,
so I came here to
start bridging the gap.
- Ah, I know exactly
what you mean.
My family are a nightmare.
If it's not about sport,
they're not interested.
- We did this first series
about the ghost of George Best.
- And even that couldn't
spark a conversation.
- You got what you
need? Can I go now?
- They've heard more
than I ever have.
- Oliver, just not now.
- [Courtney] Sure,
thanks, Maria.
(Yaz sobbing)
(wind blowing)
(rain tapping)
- Dan, just do it
tomorrow. Come to bed.
- Sh.
Oh.
I'm working.
- I can't sleep with you
tip tapping next to me.
- Just roll over
and go to sleep.
(Courtney sighing)
Mature. Real mature.
(rain tapping)
(Courtney sighing)
(wind whistling)
(gentle piano music)
(stream running)
(birds calling)
(gentle piano music)
(soft suspenseful music)
(water flowing)
- [Girl] I want my doll.
- Backwoods Brutality.
That's a shit name.
(rain tapping)
(Jake exhaling)
(tent unzipping)
Is that you, Yaz?
(soft music)
Yaz, it, look, if you're gonna
moan at me about smoking,
I'm just gonna finish this one.
You know it helps me sleep.
(tent unzipping)
It's you.
Wait, just ...
(upbeat piano music)
Wait!
Where are you taking us?
- To meet my friends.
- Where are your friends?
- They're everywhere.
- Can't see anyone.
Why are they hiding?
- I don't know.
(twig snapping)
- Where did you go?
- (giggles) I'm
right here, silly.
(upbeat piano music)
- Fuck this, I've
had enough of this.
(Jake groaning)
(Jake coughing)
(soft music)
(waves crashing)
- [Courtney] I just can't
believe the material
we got last night.
- I know. Our
subscribers'll be ecstatic.
- Forget about the
old subscribers.
Think of the new ones.
Then those trolls'll stop
leaving those negative comments.
- Hold on now, we still
got a lot of work to do.
- Hi.
Um, about last night?
- Uh, don't worry about
it. It was our fault.
- We shouldn't have
pushed so hard.
It's just this job, it
makes us seem a little ...
- Inconsiderate.
- It won't happen again.
- Thanks.
(Maria clearing throat)
(water rushing)
(birds singing)
Have you seen the others?
- Um, Oliver's
taking photographs.
Jake's in bed?
And Yaz,
I don't know where Yaz is.
- Right, thanks.
I'll leave you to
your work then.
(water rushing)
(birds singing)
(stream running)
- Hm. Oh, morning.
Hi, do you wanna join me?
- Um, sure. What
exactly are you doing?
- I'm just looking for like
watercress or wild garlic
or something we can cook.
Come on.
(water lapping)
Have you seen Jake yet today?
- No, I haven't. I'm sorry.
- He is so lazy.
Do you know, we went
to Paris recently,
and he literally sat the whole
day and the Louvre closed?
- Yeah, I don't know
how you deal with him.
(stream running)
- Yeah.
How was last night in the end?
- Yeah, fine, nothing
really happened.
Nothing happened.
- Did the pods pressure you
for more than they deserve?
- Mm.
- Oh, just ignore them.
I mean, I know they're
irritating, but realistically
it's probably better
that we're in a group.
I mean, imagine how
super creepy this place
would be on your own.
- I mean it is
still super creepy.
- Yeah.
(stream running)
Have you heard the
stories about this place?
- What stories?
- About Adrian, the
doll, his death.
- Psst.
(stream running)
I hate this lens.
(soft suspenseful music)
(stream running)
What the fuck?
- Personally, I think
Adrian was probably
just mad or something.
I don't really buy it.
- Oh well, we probably shouldn't
really jump to conclusions
without knowing the
truth, you know.
- Yeah, but if people
are gonna make up stories
about an island of dolls,
people are gonna jump
to conclusions, right?
- Yeah.
- I mean apparently, this
girl's body washed up
in the canal, and
Adrian found it.
And then in 2001,
Adrian's body washed up
in the same spot in the canal.
Weird, right?
- Mm, like I said, who
knows what to believe?
- Yeah, I guess.
(stream running)
(birds singing)
(soft suspenseful music)
I think that doll just moved.
- It's just a doll.
Probably nothing.
- What was that?
- Yeah.
- Come on, let's go.
(soft suspenseful music)
(stream running)
(water lapping)
(Yaz shrieking)
- Yaz!
- Take my hand, quick!
(Yaz shrieking)
You okay?
- No.
(soft suspenseful music)
(waves lapping)
- Right.
- It's okay, I'm here.
- Have you seen Jake yet?
- No. Should we see
if he's in his tent?
Yeah?
Oliver, can you just see if
Jake's in his tent please?
- Yeah, sure.
- He's not in there.
When you guys were out earlier,
he decided to go out for a walk.
- Uh, yeah, said he needed to
clear his head or something.
- Okay, thanks.
(birds singing)
I think it's time that I
was honest with you all.
- About what?
- Why I'm here.
(flames crackling)
(soft suspenseful music)
- Are you sure you
want to do this?
(soft music)
- Yeah, I should have been
truthful from the start.
- Right, so you ready
to go? I'm rolling.
- Ready when you are.
(soft piano music)
- Well, it's like I said before.
My family have always
known about place.
My grandfather, he
used to live nearby.
Whenever my mother
and I would visit,
he would tell us about Adrian.
(soft piano music)
He would tell us to
stay away from him.
And we did.
But we'd often see him
around and in passing.
Despite finding loads of
the dolls in the canals,
he'd often go into the town.
Some of the poorer
families, they would trade
their old dolls for crops
they would grow on the island.
- Are you getting this?
- From what I was told,
Adrian was a preacher
but at the time only anointed
priests could preach,
so his practice
was not appreciated
by the Catholic communities.
Apparently, he used
to get attacked a lot.
His family pleaded with him
to stop but he never did.
Some say that's what drove him
to the island in
the first place.
He was seeking
sanctuary from a place
that he was never
really welcome in.
- What's this have to
do with you, Maria?
- Let her talk.
- [Maria] Well, tours
of the island started
when Adrian was still alive.
He would take people
around in exchange
for a donation when his
crops were struggling.
- So, that just about brings
us to the end of the tour.
Are there any questions?
- [Tourist] How many
dolls are on the island?
- Well, that's a great question.
Probably,
you know, I've been
collecting for a long time.
I think about a
thousand five hundred.
Give or take.
Do you have any questions?
Oh, someone in the
back there, hi.
- [Tourist] Does anyone
live on the island?
- Well, it's, believe
it or not, it's just me.
The island was, it was
empty when I found it.
A strange little story,
which I don't wanna
get into right now, but,
yeah, the island
was pretty much,
pretty much alone
like me in life.
So the dolls washed up, and
I've collected as I've gone.
And here we are today.
We had a little one right there.
- [Maria] On one of our
visits, my mother decided
that she wanted to go on one.
She wanted to get her own
perspective on the man
and the situation,
rather than taking rumors
and conspiracies as the truth.
She decided to take me with her.
I think she thought
I'd like the dolls.
Which I did.
But I don't think
she realized what
the island would look like.
(gentle piano music)
(stream running)
- Where is this going, Maria?
- I'm getting there.
- It's okay.
Take your time.
I'm here.
- Thanks.
- [Adrian] Thanks
very much for coming.
- Thank you.
Take care of yourself.
- Thank you, thanks.
(stream running)
(birds singing)
- What's the matter?
(stream running)
- Excuse me?
- You seem sad.
- What makes you say that?
- No one should be sad.
(stream running)
- And what's your name?
- Maria.
- Well that's a very
nice name, Maria.
Do you like the dolls?
(stream running)
They used to belong to a
little girl I once knew.
- What was her name?
- [Adult Maria] At that
moment, it was as if
I could sense his emotions.
Hopeless, yet hopeful.
Suddenly all of the stories
felt real, yet wrong.
I've never forgotten it.
Adrian was anything but lost.
He felt obligated to the
land, to the young girl,
but it's clear he missed
who he was before.
- Would you like
one of the dolls?
(soft music)
Would you like to have that one?
Here.
I'd like you to have this one.
- [Adult Maria] I've never
forgotten that moment.
I was lucky enough to
see who he really was
and have the specter that
others never experienced.
(soft music)
- [Mother] Maria, get over
here now. The boat's leaving.
(stream running)
- Ever since that moment,
I've been having dreams
about the island.
Hearing the voice
of a young girl,
pleading for her doll back,
I also hear the
voices of the dolls
and I have dreams about
the island, dolls in it.
It's turbulent past.
- We're going viral with this.
- Way, honey, way.
(stream running)
- What aren't you telling us?
- She's said enough.
(stream running)
- There's more, isn't there?
- I mean, to be
honest, we were here
before you guys
even arrived and,
back then the island
was peaceful and quiet.
- Kind of boring, to be honest.
- But, since you arrived,
something's changed.
It's like something's awakened.
- Somebody died.
- What are you talking about?
- Maria, what do
you know about this?
(stream running)
- What's happened?
Tell me.
- Play it for her, Dan.
- You sure about this?
- Play me what?
- Okay.
Going to need these.
(stream running)
(birds singing)
(soft suspenseful music)
(Yaz screaming)
(birds singing)
(water rumbling)
- I think the recording
device picked up
the screams from
somewhere over here.
- This is wrong, Dan.
- We couldn't have stopped it.
- Maybe we shoulda tried.
- Our job is to observe the
action, not become the action.
- Well look what's happened.
- This isn't on us.
- Yaz, try to keep up.
- How much further is it?
(soft suspenseful music)
Let me through.
- No, you don't--
- I need through.
(Yaz screaming)
(soft suspenseful music)
(Yaz crying)
- Do you hear that?
- Hear what?
Dan, what is it?
(girl laughing)
- There it is again.
I think it's come from this way.
(soft suspenseful music)
(Yaz wailing)
- Yaz, I'll come back for
you, I promise. I just ...
I need to see where Dan went.
I'm so sorry.
(stream running)
Dan?
Where are you?
(stream running)
Observe the action.
Don't become the action.
(stream running)
Observe the action.
Don't become the action.
Dan?
Are you there?
- [Girl] He's here.
I can see him.
- Who's that?
(soft suspenseful music)
Who's that?
Tell me where Dan is.
- [Girl] I can take you
to him, if you like.
- At what expense?
- [Girl] Nothing.
- Stop playing games.
- [Girl] I didn't realize
you were playing a game.
- We're not.
Nor will I.
- [Girl] It's too late.
- Observe the action.
(soft suspenseful music)
This is Courtney speaking.
I'm deep in the woods on
The Island of the Dolls.
(girl laughing)
(soft suspenseful music)
I can hear the voice
of a little girl.
(birds calling)
It's as if she surrounds me.
- [Girl] Wanna play?
(soft suspenseful music)
- She seems to be trying
to lead me somewhere.
I'm going to follow
along in an attempt to
observe the action.
(soft suspenseful music)
- [Girl] Hello.
- There's something
new about the island.
As if it's truly come alive.
(suspenseful music)
The dolls.
I feel like they're watching
me, which isn't an experience
I've felt since
arriving at the island.
(soft suspenseful music)
I don't know if
you can hear that.
But the wind, it's,
it's like it's hail
razors against the ears,
hitting against me,
and it's familiar yet
supernatural.
(soft suspenseful music)
The dolls.
They've moved.
(soft suspenseful music)
(girl calling)
- [Girl] Love her.
- Wait. Come back here!
(soft suspenseful music)
- [Girl] Love her.
(twigs snapping)
Hello.
- As of yet, I'm
still to find Dan.
I fear we may have
gotten too close.
The island is growing
in its energy.
(bird cawing)
And it's haunting.
(stream running)
(girl calling)
This has gone on
for long enough!
(suspenseful music)
- [Girl] Hello.
- I'm in pursuit of the
little girl's voice.
(suspenseful music)
I can sense it. I'm
getting closer to her.
And hopefully to Dan.
(girl calling)
- [Girl] Hello.
(suspenseful music)
(both gasping)
- Dan.
(soft music)
- Honey.
- [Girl] You found
each other, yay!
(bodies thudding)
(stream running)
(leaves crunching)
- Wish I brought marshmallows.
(birds cawing)
(stream running)
(soft piano music)
What are we even doing here?
You never told me about
any of this, Maria.
How do you think
that makes me feel?
I would do anything to make
you feel better, Maria.
(soft piano music)
Why do you think that I
can't help you with the past?
Why didn't you think that ...
- Oliver, please, just stop.
Look, one of these days
you need to realize that
just because we're in
a relationship, it,
it doesn't mean that you
own every ounce of me.
It isn't to stop me
being an individual.
Some things can,
some things can still be mine.
(stream running)
- I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to sound insensitive.
(stream running)
- It's fine.
It's fine. I get it.
I don't want you to feel
like you have to walk
on eggshells every
time you're around me.
Because you don't.
(soft piano music)
But you've gotta
understand that,
that I am who I am, okay?
With or without you.
And that, that doesn't make
you entitled to all of me,
only what I choose to share.
- How do you expect to
have a proper relationship
when all you do is
live in the past?
You came here as a child, Maria.
It took you this
long to come back.
Why do you keep taking ownership
for the things that
are happening here?
(stream running)
(soft music)
(Maria sighing)
- Remember the voice
of the young girl
that I've been hearing?
She's been feeling
for her doll back.
I thought that the
only way to make
my dreams stop was
by coming here.
- [Girl] Give me my doll.
- Who's there?
Where are you?
- [Girl] It's been
so many years.
I didn't think you'd ever come.
- Leave her alone.
- [Girl] Did she bring
what I asked for?
- You gotta do it.
- What if I didn't?
(girl speaking indistinctly)
- Let's go.
(suspenseful piano music)
Maria, what are you doing?
- Can't you hear that?
- What?
- That.
- Maria, we have to
get out of here now.
- Look, I'm going in.
You don't have to join me.
(suspenseful piano music)
Come on.
(suspenseful music)
(floorboards creaking)
(gentle piano music)
- I didn't expect
this to happen.
(gentle piano music)
(stream lapping)
- Bye.
(gentle piano music)
(birds singing)
(suspenseful music)
- [Girl] Give me my doll!
(soft music)
(girl crying)
- Maria, wait!
(birds singing)
(stream running)
I'm sorry. I ...
I wasn't thinking.
- [Girl] Give me my doll!
(stream running)
(soft music)
- I'll make ...
I'll make it up to you. I'll ...
I'll get you more. I'll ...
I'll get you many more,
hundred, hundreds more.
I'm sorry.
(stream running)
- [Adrian] The dolls
seemed to keep coming
and coming and coming.
I couldn't keep up
with her demand.
(stream running)
(birds singing)
My hands were pruned.
Blistered, and my body ached.
But I couldn't
stop, her sadness.
(soft music)
Nothing was ever enough.
(stream running)
She wouldn't stop crying.
I couldn't sleep.
Yet I stayed focused.
The demand became so high.
She wanted more.
I was aimless,
hopeless and defenseless.
(soft music)
It went on for many years.
At times I questioned my faith.
But in the end,
it's all that kept me going.
(soft music)
I had to trust that
God had a plan.
And this was it for me.
- Adrian, I'm so sorry.
If I'd have known, I, I--
- It's not your fault.
I should have explained.
- You were just being kind.
You shouldn't have
been punished for it.
- You don't understand.
The girl,
her life, her,
her innocence was taken.
I just wanted to honor her.
Just help her to rest in peace.
- What happened to her?
- I ...
I don't know how
she got there or
where she came from.
Nobody ever came to
look for the body.
She even doubted
her own existence.
I just knew I should help her.
She'd been dealt such a
unimaginable hand in life.
I ...
I didn't want that to follow
suit in the, in the afterlife.
- Maria, I think we should--
- Just.
Just wait one moment.
- Did you bring it?
(soft piano music)
(stream running)
(birds singing)
- [Guillermo] Who is it?
- It's Yaz. I need
picking up right now.
- [Guillermo] It's too late.
You should have called sooner.
I'll be there tomorrow evening
when the tide is right.
- No, please, you
have to come now.
- [Guillermo] I
may run a business,
but I'm not at
your beck and call.
- I'll pay you anything.
I'll pay you double.
I'll pay you more.
- [Guillermo] Has
something happened?
Tell me, has something
happened on the island?
- Please, come and pick me up.
- [Guillermo] Yeah,
are you there?
(stream running)
Hello. Talk to me,
what's happening?
(stream running)
- [Oliver] Well,
Maria, did you?
Did you bring it with you?
- I ...
I ...
- [Oliver] Answer
the question, Maria.
Did you bring the doll with you?
- Maria, despite your silence,
the spirit of the girl
has, has awokened.
Which means you have,
I always said, such
a friendly face.
I always remember your voice.
You had an,
an innocence that,
you reminded me of
my own children.
- Why did you leave
your family for this?
(soft piano music)
- Because,
God has a,
God has a plan for all of us.
Sometimes,
being kind to
people and to God
comes at a price.
Being kind is the
ultimate sacrifice.
(soft piano music)
From my ...
From ....
From ...
From a certain perspective,
sometimes being
selfless is selfish.
(soft piano music)
I ...
I did what I thought was right.
(soft piano music)
(bag unzipping)
- Maria, what have you done?
- Oliver, give me the doll.
- Why would you bring this here?
- Look, I have been
ignoring my dreams
for as long as I can remember.
I've only just recently
started to believe
that they are true, that I
could so something about them.
Oliver, I've not spoken
to my mother in years.
Why do you think
you've never met her?
This is why.
I need, I need
to let it all go,
but there is a part of
me that still blames her
for all of this.
- But you don't blame the
man who gave you the doll?
- I didn't know that
this was gonna happen.
I was just trying
to give it back.
- What took you so
long to bring it back?
- I just couldn't.
I didn't know what
was gonna happen,
and I guess a part of
me didn't want to know.
Oliver, I don't know who
I am without these dreams.
Who I am if they just stop.
I was just trying to
understand what happened here.
What happened to Adrian,
what happened to me.
- People are dead, Maria.
Look, if you won't hand the
doll back, I'll do it myself.
(feet stepping)
- Oliver!
- I'd be careful if I were you.
Not any closer.
- Okay.
Okay, have it your way.
But please, just let Oliver
and Yaz, let them go.
- I like you.
You're fast. I wish
you didn't have to die.
- Who are you?
- Why does that matter?
- You don't need to do this.
I know that you don't want to.
- You don't know what I want.
- Look, I was just
a child, okay?
Something awful happened to you.
That doesn't mean you
need to take it out
on everyone else.
- You stole from me!
- Look, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I didn't know
what that doll meant to you
but it was given to
me, I never stole it.
- Liar!
- Maria, please, just
give her the doll!
- Quiet!
- Trust me, trust me.
- Why would I trust you?
I could never trust anyone.
- You must have trusted Adrian.
- I didn't trust
him, not really.
- Maybe you could have,
you didn't have to
make it so hard on him.
- What do you know?
You knew why my dolls
were on this island,
and you took one anyway.
It was mine.
- I was just a child,
much like you were.
- You were nothing like me.
- Look, we are
all born innocent.
Okay, but as we grow,
we change, we adapt
to our environment, I guess.
Look, none of this, none
of this is your fault.
Here.
Take the doll.
- Maria, quick,
I can't breathe.
- Take it, come on just take it
and let Oliver and
let Yaz go free.
- No.
You don't deserve it.
You took what I love from me,
so I will take what
you love from you.
- Come on, we can, we can come
to some sort of arrangement.
Just take the doll.
- Never. You don't
deserve anything.
- Maria, I can't
hold on much longer.
- Quiet!
(soft suspenseful music)
What are you doing?
- Josie.
Josie, is that your name?
(gentle piano music)
It is, isn't it?
Your name is Josie?
- Maria, you can't trust her.
- Yes I can.
She's just a child.
(gentle piano music)
Take the doll.
It's not too late.
(gentle piano music)
- It always was.
(lighter striking)
(flames roaring)
- [Maria] Get out. Get out!
- [Oliver] Come on,
Maria, we have to go.
- Wait, wait.
(suspenseful music)
- She's dead, Maria.
We have to go.
(soft suspenseful music)
(flames roaring)
(suspenseful music)
(Oliver breathing hard)
- It's so good to see you.
- I wish I could say the same.
Where are the others?
Where is Yaz?
(Guillermo exhaling)
(waves crashing)
It's okay. Come with me.
- I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
- [Guillermo] Come on. The
boat is right over here.
(waves crashing)
(suspenseful piano music)
- Rest easy, my angel.
(soft music)
God be with you, Josie.
Peace at last.
- [Mother] I'm surprised
to hear from you.
- Yeah, I know.
It's been too long.
- [Mother] I've
tried reaching out.
- I know.
I'm sorry.
- [Mother] So what do you want?
Money? I have none.
Advice? None to give.
Opinion? Never appreciated.
- I just, I just wanna
talk, Mum. That's all.
I miss you.
(mother crying)
Hey look, I'll come and visit
you when I get back, okay?
I just wanna put this
distance behind us.
- [Mother] I don't understand.
- You don't need to.
- [Mother] Well,
whenever you're ready,
there's dinner on the
table, nothing's changed.
- Thank you.
- [Mother] Plus, I
want to meet Oliver.
- Yes, Mum.
- [Mother] Tell him
I want to meet him
sooner rather than later.
- I will, don't worry.
Look, I'll call
you when I get back
to arrange something, okay?
- [Mother] Why?
Where are you?
- I'll tell you when I see you.
- [Mother] Okay, fine.
I look forward to it.
See you soon, Misha.
- Okay, bye.
(Maria sighing)
- I'm impressed. Didn't
think you had it in you.
- I have a lot of
making up to do.
- I understand,
you know. I get it.
Some things are personal.
- Look, I trust
you. And I love you.
No more closed doors.
- Oh yeah? Got you a coffee.
- Thanks.
(soft piano music)
This feels weird.
- What does?
- All of this being over.
- The dreams?
- Stopped.
- Don't take it for granted.
- I don't.
I don't know, sometimes
the silence is worse.
The memories of the dreams and
reality, they come
into my mind and,
I don't know, I don't
think it's to scare me,
or to put me at
ease, I don't know.
- What parts do you see?
- Josie.
I hear her voice.
Her laugh.
Her cry.
I can't help but think
of the others as well.
- You can't blame
yourself, Maria.
You weren't to know what
the dolls would cause.
You were just a child.
(soft dramatic music)
- Maybe you're right.
- Come on. It's time.
Let's go home.
(upbeat dramatic music)